docs/community-guide/chatrooms.md, before:

---
title: Chatroom Guide
---

These are the current chatrooms in our community. We would be glad to add more rooms as there's mutual interest!

### Legend
_Rooms with a 🔒 are only visible to active members._

_Rooms with a 🗑 have "disappearing messages" enabled. Messages in these rooms are deleted after several days have gone by._

### **`#welcome-👋`**
A brief guide for new visitors.

### **`#announcements-📢`**
Important news and updates about our community.

## Community

### **`#introductions-🌟`**
(🗑) A room for saying hello and sharing a little about your interests and involvements in regenerative ag. Messages are deleted after 7 days.

### **`#connect-💬`**
(🗑) A private room for guests & active members to connect. Messages are deleted after 7 days.

### **`#community-💞`**
(🗑 🔒) A private space for active members to connect.  Messages are deleted after 14 days.

### **`#projects-📔`**
(🔒) Share about your projects and follow along others' projects. Feel free to create threads for large projects, short projects, and ideas.

### **`#community-improvement-👯`**
(🔒) Discuss and collaborate on ideas for improving our community.

### **`#off-topic-🎨`**
(🗑 🔒) Discuss anything not related to regenerative ag. Please keep it safe for children too! Messages are deleted after 7 days.

### **`#name-tag-colors-🌈`**
(🔒) Select your name tag color!

### **`#quiet-garden-🌷`**
A quiet room for inactive members. This is the only room visible to inactive members.

## Regenerative Agriculture

### **`#livestock-🐷`** 
Discussions about regeneratively raised livestock including regenerative meat, fish, eggs, and dairy.

### **`#broadacre-🌽`**
Discussions about regeneratively growing bulk food and materials; regenerative cash crops, row-crops, and forage; multi-farm CSAs, farmers markets, food hubs, and distributors.

### **`#orchard-🍏`**
Discussions about regeneratively growing fruit and nut perennials.

### **`#garden-🍅`**
Discussions about regenerative home gardens, urban gardens, market gardens, basement gardens, container gardens, single-farm CSAs, and community gardens.

### **`#test-results-amendments-and-inoculants-🦠`** 
(🔒) Discussions about regenerative amendments, tests, and inoculants; Compost, JADAM, mulch, foliar sprays, inoculants, manure, minerals, bio-char, compost tea, SAP tests, soil tests...

### **`#water-cycles-🌧`** 
Discussion about anything related to water-cycles & hydrology.  Rain, runoff, aquifers, swales, water harvesting, water catchments... Large & small scale impacts of being thoughtful about how water moves on our land and around the world.

### **`#technology-🚜`**
Discussions about Regenerative Agriculture technologies.

### **`#agroforestry-🌳`**
Discussions about growing trees alongside livestock and produce. food forests, silvopasture, forest gardening, alley cropping...

### **`#questions-❓`**
Ask and discuss any questions related to regenerative ag.

### **`#resources-📚`**
Share and discuss regenerative ag books, podcasts, and channels, episodes, articles, social media accounts, posts, ...

&nbsp;

Next:
{ .center }

[Membership roles](roles.md){ .md-button .md-button--secondary .center }

Commit message:

Incorporate updates & feedback (#3)
* link to new domain & fix obsolete language

* typo

* add 'proposed' language & elaborate on role permissions

* update order

* oops

* clarify

* simplify

* remove header

* clarify quiet-garden

* add proposal comment to #resources too

* mention potential tags

* list all active rooms

* typo

* more clarity

* Simplify & Clarify

docs/community-guide/chatrooms.md, after:

---
title: Chatroom Guide
---

These are the current chatrooms in our community. We would be glad to add more rooms as there's mutual interest!

### Legend
_Rooms with a 🔒 are private, and are only visible to some roles. [Learn more about which roles can access which rooms](./roles.md)._

_Proposed: Rooms with a 🗑 will have "disappearing messages" enabled. Messages in these rooms will be deleted after several days have gone by._

### **`#welcome-👋`**
A brief guide for new visitors.

### **`#announcements-📢`**
Important news and updates about our community.

## Community

### **`#introductions-🌟`**
A room for saying hello and sharing a little about your interests and involvements in regenerative ag.

### **`#connect-💬`**
(🔒🗑) A private room for guests & members to connect. _Proposed: Messages are deleted after 7 days._

### **`#community-💞`**
(🔒🗑) A private space for members to connect. _Proposed: Messages are deleted after 14 days._

### **`#projects-📔`**
(🔒) Share about your projects and follow along others' projects. Feel free to create threads for large projects, short projects, and ideas.

### **`#community-improvement-👯`**
(🔒) Discuss and collaborate on ideas for improving our community.

### **`#off-topic-🎨`**
(🔒🗑) Discuss anything not related to regenerative ag. Please keep it safe for children too! _Proposed: Messages are deleted after 7 days._

### **`#name-tag-colors-🌈`**
(🔒) Select your name tag color!

### **`#quiet-garden-🌷`** (_proposed_)
(🔒) A quiet room for those who are inactive. _React_ with a 👍 in this room to become a Visitor or Member again.

## Regenerative Agriculture

### **`#livestock-🐷`** 
Discussions about regeneratively raised livestock including regenerative meat, fish, eggs, and dairy.

### **`#broadacre-🌽`**
Discussions about regeneratively growing bulk food and materials; regenerative cash crops, row-crops, and forage; multi-farm CSAs, farmers markets, food hubs, and distributors.

### **`#orchard-🍏`**
Discussions about regeneratively growing fruit and nut perennials.

### **`#garden-🍅`**
Discussions about regenerative home gardens, urban gardens, market gardens, basement gardens, container gardens, single-farm CSAs, and community gardens.

### **`#test-results-amendments-and-inoculants-🦠`** 
(🔒) Discussions about regenerative amendments, tests, and inoculants; Compost, JADAM, mulch, foliar sprays, inoculants, manure, minerals, bio-char, compost tea, SAP tests, soil tests...

### **`#water-cycles-🌧`** 
Discussion about anything related to water-cycles & hydrology.  Rain, runoff, aquifers, swales, water harvesting, water catchments... Large & small scale impacts of being thoughtful about how water moves on our land and around the world.

### **`#technology-🚜`**
Discussions about Regenerative Agriculture technologies.

### **`#agroforestry-🌳`**
Discussions about growing trees alongside livestock and produce. Food forests, silvopasture, forest gardening, alley cropping...

### **`#questions-❓`**
Ask and discuss any questions related to regenerative ag.

### **`#resources-📚`** (_proposed_)
Share and discuss regenerative ag books, podcasts, and channels, episodes, articles, social media accounts, posts, ...

_Proposed: This room would be a condensed version of the three existing resource rooms: `#books-and-series`, `#episodes-and-articles`, and `#social-media`. If someone is interested in a particular resource type, they could filter by tags: `Book`, `Episode`, `Article`, `Website`, `App`..._

&nbsp;

Next:
{ .center }

[Membership roles](roles.md){ .md-button .md-button--secondary .center }
