docs/community-guide/roles.md, before:

---
title: Membership roles
---

Membership roles give us progressively more possibilities for connection as we participate. For example, when you make your first post, you will be granted the _Guest_ role which will give you access to a private a room which is only visible to people who have recently posted.

### Visitor

_Visitors_ are those who have just joined, and have no membership roles yet.

Visitors can only post in the `#introductions` room.

### Guest

The _Guest_ role is granted to those have posted in the last 14 days. Guests...

- Can post in most rooms
- Are granted access to `#connect`, a room for guests and members to connect more privately

### Active Member

The _Active Member_ role is granted to those who have posted on at least 4 different days in the last 60 days. Active members...

- Are granted access to more rooms that are just for active members.
- Can choose their name-tag color

### Member

Active Members who don't post for at least 30 days are transitioned to the _Member_ role. 

Members can see the same rooms that Guests can see. However, Members also...

- Get to keep their name-tag color
- Only need to post on 2 different days in a 30-day period to regain the Active Member role

Grace period: Those who post within 3 days of losing their Active Member role instantly regain the role.

### Inactive

Visitors who haven't posted for 7 days, and Guests who haven't posted for 14 days, are transitioned to the _Inactive_ role.

Those who are inactive...

- Can only see `#welcome`, `#announcements`, and a special empty room called `#quiet-garden`
- Can become a Visitor again by reacting to the post in `#quiet-garden`

### Inactive Member

Members who haven't posted for 30 days are transitioned to the _Inactive Member_ role. Inactive Members have the same abilities as those who are inactive with two exceptions...

- Inactive Members keep their name-tag color
- Inactive Members become Members again (instead of Visitors) when they react in `#quiet-garden`

Inactive members who haven't posted for 365 days lose their name-tag color and are transitioned to the Inactive role.

&nbsp;

Next:
{ .center }

[How to contribute](contribute.md){ .md-button .md-button--secondary .center }

Commit message:

add 'proposed' language & elaborate on role permissions

docs/community-guide/roles.md, after:

---
title: Membership roles
---

Membership roles give us progressively more possibilities for connection as we participate. For example, when you make your first post, you will be granted the _Guest_ role which will give you access to a private a room which is only visible to people who have recently posted.

### Visitor

_Visitors_ are those who have just joined, and have no membership roles yet.

Visitors can...

- Post (and react) in most rooms

### Guest

The _Guest_ role is granted to those have posted in the last 14 days.

In addition to what Visitors can do, Guests can...

- Post in `#connect`, a room just for guests and members
- Share pictures and links
- Create threads and polls
- Use custom stickers and emojis

### Active Member

The _Active Member_ role is granted to those who have posted on at least 4 different days in the last 60 days.

In addition to what Guests can do, Active members can...

- Post in `#community`, `#off-topic` and `#test-results-innoculants-and-amendments` &mdash; rooms just for active members
- Choose their name-tag color
- Add custom emojis and stickers to the server
- Share voice messages
- Create private threads

### Member (_proposed_)

Active Members who don't post for at least 30 days are transitioned to the _Member_ role. 

Members have the same permissions as Guests, however, Members...

- Get to keep their name-tag color
- Only need to post on 2 days in a 30-day period to regain the Active Member role

Grace period: Those who post within 3 days of losing their Active Member role instantly regain the role.

### Inactive (_proposed_)

Visitors who haven't posted for 7 days, and Guests who haven't posted for 14 days, are transitioned to the _Inactive_ role.

Those who are inactive...

- Can only see `#welcome`, `#announcements`, and a special empty room called `#quiet-garden`
- Can become a Visitor again by reacting to the post in `#quiet-garden`

### Inactive Member (_proposed_)

Members who haven't posted for 60 days are transitioned to the _Inactive Member_ role.

Inactive Members have the same abilities as those who are inactive with two exceptions...

- Inactive Members keep their name-tag color
- Inactive Members become Members again (instead of Visitors) when they react in `#quiet-garden`

Inactive members who haven't posted for 365 days lose their name-tag color and are transitioned to the Inactive role.

&nbsp;

Next:
{ .center }

[How to contribute](contribute.md){ .md-button .md-button--secondary .center }
